# TravelBud

This project is to create a calculator that helps the user to budget their
travel plans. 
there are 4 modes in in the app:
    1. Regular calculator
    2. Predict net income yearly, monthly, and bi-weekly
    3. Convert the currencies
    4. Calculate the difference between 2 days & adding and substrcting dates

using this calculator, one would have an idea how much they can budget for their
travel plan by using the tax mode to get the net income that one would get
montly then they can use the regular calculator mode to budget their personal
expenses. the currency mode is developed to calculate the estimate of foreign
currency that one would recieve if they convert one currency to others. the date
feature is developed to allow the user to get the idea of how many days between
a certain date to their travel date or if they want to plan something such as
"lets go to place A in 45 days from now" this feature allow them to get the
exact date.

The idea of this app occurred to me when i planned my travel plans this year. i
was trying to figure out how much i can spend on the travel days or how much
money that i would get monthly and all that or how much money i would get if i
live in State A versus if i live in state B. Working From Home has been
mainstreamed lately and most companies
are planning to allow their employee to work from home. thus, i thought it would
be pretty cool to develop this app would allow the user
to get their estimate net income especially if they're planning to move around the
U.S. yearly. This app also give the user an idea how much taxes that they'll
have to pay if they get raise. furthermore, travelling is one of the goal for
many people especially fresh graduates and since they probably wont know how
much they'll pocket monthly until they start working, this app would allow them
plan ahead. 

To use this app, One would need to install kivy and python3

I used RapidAPI to get the data for the net income estimate (Taxee) and current
currency rate (Currency Exchange).